Saga pattern sample (#145)
temporalio/samples-typescript: saga/README.md

# Saga

This sample demonstrates orchestrating microservices using a very simplistic Saga pattern.

## Use Case

> The act of `OpenAccount` for a company shows coordinating between Clients, Accounts, Banking, and

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `openAccount` Workflow opens a new bank account. It coordinates between the Clients, Accounts, Banking, and
```
